Software Disclaimer:

The Software available on this website are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Use at your own risk.

The use of the software and scripts downloaded on this site is done at your own discretion and risk and with agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such activities. You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the software, and we will not be liable for any damages that you may suffer in connection with using, modifying or distributing any of this software. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or from this website shall create any warranty for the software.

We make makes no warranty that the software will meet your requirements, the software will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, the results that may be obtained from the use of the software will be effective, accurate or reliable, the quality of the software will meet your expectations, any errors in the software obtained from us will be corrected.

The software, code sample and their documentation made available on this website could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. We may make changes to the software or documentation made available on its web site at any time without prior-notice. may be out of date, and we make no commitment to update such materials.

Usage of this image means that you freely give your consent to running the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing software, which is configured to only run when the Raspberry Pi is powered on and idle. The reason this image includes this software is that the author originally asked for QSL cards for usage of the previous software image. When there were over 5,000 direct downloads of the previous image (plus an unknown number of BitTorrent / indirect downloads) and the author received less than five QSL cards, the author determined the only way to get something in return for all the hard work (non-monetary, mind you) was to code it into the image. The BOINC client will run benign network computing tasks, such as science applications like protein folding, or searching for neutron stars. The author also believes that this rule isn't for "other people" but includes the author as well, and runs the BOINC software on his Raspberry Pi as well.

We assume no responsibility for errors or omissions in the software or documentation available from its web site. In no event shall we be liable to you or any third parties for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of this software.

Last updated: May 13, 2020
